Add flask: one of the most popular web framework for python (#292)
MunGell/awesome-for-beginners: README.md

- [Zulip](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> Powerful open source group chat.
- [cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/labels/low-hanging-fruit) _(label: low-hanging-fruit)_ <br> A command-line utility that creates projects from cookiecutters (project templates). E.g. Python package projects, jQuery plugin projects.
- [django cookiecutter](https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/labels/hacktoberfest) _(label: django hacktober special)_ <br> An implementation of Python for backend web development.

> - [Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> The Python micro framework for building web applications.

Reviewer: check format for links on surronding examples

Author: Hi @vvscode ,

I don't understand. I already followed the rule of format in `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

Reviewer 2: Not exactly, the link should look like this:

```suggestion
- [Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> The Python micro framework for building web applications.
```

- [Zulip](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> Powerful open source group chat.
- [cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/labels/low-hanging-fruit) _(label: low-hanging-fruit)_ <br> A command-line utility that creates projects from cookiecutters (project templates). E.g. Python package projects, jQuery plugin projects.
- [django cookiecutter](https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/labels/hacktoberfest) _(label: django hacktober special)_ <br> An implementation of Python for backend web development.
- [Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> The Python micro framework for building web applications.
- [wemake-python-stylegide](https://github.com/wemake-services/wemake-python-styleguide/labels/level%3Astarter) _(label: level:starter)_ <br> The strictest and most opinionated python linter ever!
- [Ansible](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/labels/easyfix) _(label:easyfix)_ <br> A simple IT automation platform

> 

Reviewer: do we really need this?
